# FixedWingGG-Power

This repository contains the code for a fast cycle-power computation model for fixed-wing ground-generation airborne wind energy systems.

1. The model is based on quasi-steady equilibrium, which accounts for the effects of pattern elevation, mass (gravity), vertical wind shear, and drivetrain losses.
2. It is suitable for sensitivity and scalability studies, making it a valuable tool for evaluating design and innovation trade-offs.
3. It is suitable for integration with cost models and systems engineering tools. This enhances the applicability of the proposed model in exploring the potential of airborne wind energy in the energy system.

[Link to the associated scientific article: ...]

---

## Overview of the Repository

The Repository is divided into 4 Folders:

1. `Src`: Contains the source code of the model.
2. `Inputs`: Contains some pre-defined input files.
3. `Outputs`: Contains some generated output files using the pre-defined input files.
4. `ExampleRun`: Contains scripts to simulate and plot results of a pre-defined AWE system with a rated electrical power of 150 kW. Outputs can be generated by executing the script `run_Example.m`. Results could also be visualized, without executing `run_Example.m`, by simply executing the script `plotResults.m`.

---

## To Run with User-defined Inputs

To run the model with user-defined inputs, a data structure named 'inputs' needs to be created with all necessary inputs as defined in `inputSheet_Example.m` from the `ExampleRun` folder. 
The model can then be run by executing `runMain.m`. Ensure to call your newly defined inputs script at the start of `runMain.m`. Then execute `plotResults.m` to visulaize some of the relevant results.

### Generated Output Files

1. `optData` has the details regarding the optimization.
2. `outputs` has all the raw outputs.
3. `processedOutputs` has post-processed outputs with relevant results for better visualization.

---

## Author Details

Name: Rishikesh Joshi  
Email: [r.joshi@tudelft.nl](mailto:r.joshi@tudelft.nl), [rishikeshsjoshi@gmail.com](mailto:rishikeshsjoshi@gmail.com)  
Affiliation: Wind Energy Section, Delft University of Technology


